What did the doctor say?
The doctor said that he will be drunk by the end of this month
It's going to be a book.
Don't worry, there's still me
How much is the difference in surgery costs?
No, my mom left me with some obligations
It should sell for some money.
That's the last thing your mother left you
How can you sell it?
It matters to the younger brother
This rainforest?
So easy to deceive
Probably in a hurry to use the money
I added something to his cup
Wait a minute, I'll send someone to you.
OK, OK, OK. He's coming.
I won't talk to you for now
I'm sorry, Mr. Xu
I'm late, it doesn't matter, you're in a hurry too
Take a sip of water first
Mr. Xu, this is the necklace I want to sell.
Please take a look.
Things are nice
But for the price, I can only give you 500,000
500,000 so low
Mr. Xu, take a look again.
This necklace is for the master
Natural diamonds are hand-beaten
Could you add some more?
Fine. Then 600,000
You can only give so much.
Let's go over there to get the money
Where are you taking him?